.TH pkcs11_inspect 1 "Aug 2005" "Juan Antonio Martinez" "PAM PKCS#11"
.SH NAME
pkcs11_inspect \- print certificate contents
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pkcs11_inspect
.RB [ debug ]
.RB [ config_file=\fI<filename>\fP ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pkcs11_inspect
uses the pam_pkcs11 library infrastructure to get
the content of a certificate and display it.
.P
.B pkcs11_inspect
uses the same configuration file and arguments than
.BR pam_pkcs11 (8)
PAM module. It loads defined mapper modules, and use
them to look into the certificate for required entries (ie: ms_mapper
looks for ms UPN entries, and so on).
.P
When a mapper module finds a proper entry in the certificate, it converts
to UTF\-8 and print it to stdout.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 
.B debug
Enable debugging output.
.TP 
.B config_file=\fI<filename>\fP
Sets the configuration file to use. Default value is
.IR /etc/pam_pkcs11/pam_pkcs11.conf .
.P
As it uses the same configuration file as pam_pkcs11, all pam_pkcs11
options are also available. Note that some of them have no sense in a
non\-PAM environment, so they will be ignored. Some mapper options
(mapfile, ignorecase) have no effect on certificate contents, so they
will be ignored too.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success
.B pkcs11_inspect
prints on stdout all certificate contents
that are found for mappers and returns 0.
.P
On error it returns 1.
.SH FILES
.LP 
\fI/etc/pam_pkcs11/pam_pkcs11.conf\fP 
.SH EXAMPLES
To run this program the standard way, insert a smart card in the reader
and type:
.P
 pkcs11_inspect
.P 
Alternatively you can specify options:
.P 
 pkcs11_inspect debug config_file=${HOME}/.pam_pkcs11.conf
.SH AUTHORS
.LP 
Juan Antonio Martinez <jonsito@teleline.es>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBpam_pkcs11\fP(8), \fBpklogin_finder\fP(1)
.br 
PAM\-PKCS11 User Manual
