.TH pklogin_finder 1 "Aug 2005" "Juan Antonio Martinez" PAM-PKCS#11
.SH NAME
pklogin_finder \- maps certificates into a user
.SH SYNTAX
.B pklogin_finder
.RB [ debug ]
.RB [ config_file=\fI<filename>\fP ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pklogin_finder
uses the pam_pkcs11 library infrastructure to
interactively map a PKCS#11 provided certificate to a user.
.P
.B pklogin_finder
uses the the same configuration file and arguments than
.BR pam_pkcs11 (8)
PAM module. Load defined mapper modules, and try to
find a map between found certificates and a user login.
.SH OPTIONS
.LP 
.TP 
.B debug 
Enable debugging output. Default is no debug.
.TP 
.BI config_file= "<configuration file>"
Sets the configuration file to use. Default value is
.IR /etc/pam_pkcs11/pam_pkcs11.conf .
.P 
As it uses the same configuration file than pam_pkcs11, all pam_pkcs11
options are also available. Note that some of them has no sense in a
non\-PAM environment, so they will be ignored.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success
.B pklogin_finder
prints on stdout the login name and exits returns 0.
.P
On user mapping error it returns 1.
.P
On no user match it prints nothing and returns 2.
.SH FILES
.I /etc/pam_pkcs11/pam_pkcs11.conf
.SH EXAMPLES
To run this program the standard way, insert a smart card into the
reader and type:
 pklogin_finder 
.P
Alternatively you can specify options:
 pklogin_finder debug config_file=${HOME}/.pam_pkcs11.conf
.SH AUTHORS
.LP 
Juan Antonio Martinez <jonsito@teleline.es>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR pam_pkcs11 (8),
.BR pkcs11_inspect (1),
PAM\-PKCS11 User Manual
