.\" .
.TH "pam_pkcs11" "8" "15-Feb-2005" "Mario Strasser" "System Administration tools"
.SH "NAME"
pam_pkcs11 \- PAM Authentication Module for PKCS#11 token libraries
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B pam_pkcs11.so
.RB [ debug ]
.RB [ configfile= \fI<configfile> "" ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This Linux\-PAM login module allows a X.509 certificate based user
login. The certificate and its dedicated private key are thereby
accessed by means of an appropriate PKCS #11 module. For the
verification of the users' certificates, locally stored CA
certificates as well as either online or locally accessible CRLs are
used.
.SH "CONFIGURATION"
The program that needs a PAM service should be configured in 
.I /etc/pam.conf
or
.IR /etc/pam.d/<servicename> .
.P
.B pam_pkcs11
can be used in the <auth> PAM chain.
.P
For details on how to configure PAM services, see the PAM
documentation for your system. This manual does not cover PAM
configuration details. The existing PAM service definitions for
other applications on your system is also a good source for examples
on how to configure a PAM service.
.SH "FILES"
\fI/etc/pam_pkcs11/pam_pkcs11.conf\fP
.br 
\fI/usr/lib/pam_pkcs11/*_mapper.so\fP
.SH "AUTHOR"
Original PAM\-pkcs11 was written by Mario Strasser <mast@gmx.net>.
Newer versions are from Juan Antonio Martinez
<jonsito@teleline.es>.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs ideas, comments, bug\-fixes and so to:
.I Juan Antonio Martinez <jonsito@teleline.es>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR pam (8),
.BR pam_pkcs11.conf (5),
PAM Systems Administrator Guide,
.I README.mappers
file, PAM\-PKCS#11 User Manual.
