.TH "pklogin_finder" "1" "0.4.4" "Juan Antonio Martinez" "PAM-pkcs11 tools"
.SH "NAME"
pklogin_finder \- maps certificates into a user
.SH "SYNTAX"
\fBpklogin_finder\fP [\fI[no]debug\fP]  [ config_file=<\fIfilename\fP> ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
pklogin_finder uses the pam\-pkcs11 library infrastructure to
interactively map a PKCS#11 provided certificate into a user.
.P
pklogin_finder uses the same configuration file and arguments than
\fIpam_pkcs11\fP(8) pam module. Load defined mapper modules, and try to
find a map between found certificates and a user login.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB[no]debug\fR 
Enable debugging output. Default is no debug.
.TP 
\fBconfig_file=<configuration file>\fR
Sets the configuration file. defaults to
\fI/etc/pam_pkcs11/pam_pkcs11.conf\fP.
.P 
As it uses the same configuration file than pam_pkcs11, all pam_pkcs11
options are also available. Note that some of them has no sense in a
non\-PAM environment, so they will be ignored.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success pklogin_finder prints on stdout the login name and exits
returns 0.
.P
On user mapping error it returns 1.
.P
On no user match it prints nothing and returns 2.
.SH "FILES"
\fI/etc/pam_pkcs11/pam_pkcs11.conf\fP 
.SH "EXAMPLES"
To run this program the standard way, insert a smart card into the
reader and type:
 pklogin_finder 
.P
Alternatively you can specify options:
 pklogin_finder nodebug config_file=${HOME}/.pam_pkcs11.conf
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Juan Antonio Martinez <jonsito@teleline.es>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBpam_pkcs11\fP(8), \fBpkcs11_inspect\fP(1)
.br 
PAM\-PKCS11 User Manual
